Add section for telemetry gathered by the Templating Engine (#27900)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/telemetry.md

Except for `--verbosity` and `--sdk-package-version`, all the other values are hashed starting with .NET Core 2.1.100 SDK.

> ### Template Engine telemetry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Template engine telemetry
```

> In addition to the options listed above, the `dotnet new` template instantiation command collects additional data for Microsoft-authored templates (after 2.1.100):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `dotnet new` template instantiation command collects additional data for Microsoft-authored templates, starting with .NET Core 2.1.100 SDK:
```
